1. I played a single player game. I selected the pioneer, and then clicked "end turn". I got a modal prompt for "undefined" , and an OK button that, when pressed, did nothing.

2. I played a single player game. I selected pioneer and did not have an option to build city.

3. When clicking on a tile containing a unit, the unit information should always be selected in the side bar. 

4. sometimes when clicking on a unit with a move sfx, that sfx is not played, or is played on a delay. this may be related to item #3. Ive also noticed when unit attack, their sfx are played on delay. I am playing from a server on localhost, not file:///.  Are sfx being loaded before the related unit could be clicked on / take action, or only when the sfx is called upon, causing the delay while the sfx loads? it should be pre-loaded beforehand, such as when the related tech is researched that allows that unit to be constructed. Perhaps this is an error in "only play sounds for units currently on the screen"? I am also seeing many missing sound file errors in the developer console.

5. when looking at sidebar information for a tile containing a ruin, the ruin bonuses are displayed differently from other terrain resources. 

6. I see "shaken by a near-death blow" more often than I would expect. I was watching a game where a Runeforged Titan was hit once by a weak unit, then immediately went into this "shaken" state. Please review and confirm this mechanic is being triggered correctly.

7. new mechanic: "double strike". Similar to siege or first strike, this is a property that a unit can have. Double Strike is a percentage chance that the unit will attack a second time. This second attack does not provoke a counter attack from the target unit. This can apply to ranged attacks.

8. would like to add the ability to "link" to a tile. When clicking on such a link, the map is recentered on the coordinates indicated in the link. We will use this in the kingdom tab of the toolbar, where the names of cities are listed. These should be links that, when clicked, take you to the tile that city is located on, with the "city" tab of the toolbar pre-clicked. This will be used other places where a target tile is indicated: Runeforged Titan marching toward a target city, units chasing another unit or swarming to a particular spot.  

9. Remove all references to loading from file:///. From now on I will run from a server. This will address some of the file:/// errors I am seeing in developer console.

